Document Secret Scanning in VS Code extension docs (#36157)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/ide_plugins/vscode/code_security.md

Import an existing rule from disk, or export a finished rule and upload it to Datadog.

## Secret Scanning

The extension runs [Secret Scanning][5] on the source files in your workspace. It flags exposed credentials such as API keys, tokens, and passwords before you commit your changes. File contents are scanned locally, and findings are shown in the editor as you type.

{{< img src="/ide_plugins/vscode/secret_scanning.mp4" alt="Preview of Secret Scanning" style="width:100%" video=true >}}

### Get started with Secret Scanning

> Secret Scanning is enabled by default and runs in the background whenever you open a source file. To scan an entire folder or workspace, right-click a folder in the file explorer and select **Datadog Static Analysis > Analyze Folder** or **Analyze Workspace**.

Reviewer: The right-click menu option is now named "Datadog Code Security" (I'm on extension v2.26.1). This also probably needs to be updated above under "Get started with Static Code Analysis" where we list the same menu labels (line 38).

<img width="500" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/01e18ed9-c361-432b-b352-6ddc6e047472" />

```suggestion
Secret Scanning is enabled by default and runs in the background whenever you open a source file. To scan an entire folder or workspace, right-click a folder in the file explorer and select **Datadog Code Security > Analyze Folder** or **Analyze Workspace**.
```

Author: Nice catch! Thank you!

{{< img src="/ide_plugins/vscode/secret-scanning-batch-analysis.png" alt="Batch analysis report with a Secret Scanning section listing findings per file" style="width:100%;" >}}

> Unlike Static Code Analysis, Secret Scanning does not require a [`static-analysis.datadog.yml`][3] file in your repository, and it scans all text files regardless of programming language. Likely-binary files are skipped automatically.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Unlike Static Code Analysis, Secret Scanning does not require a [`static-analysis.datadog.yml`][3] file in your repository, and it scans all text files regardless of programming language. Likely binary files are skipped automatically.
```
